[CN-1306] add docs for workload identity (#222)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/authorization.adoc

= Authorization Methods to Access Cloud Storage

> 

Reviewer: You can use either a secret or `Service Accounts` to access your cloud storage, as detailed below.

== Using Secrets

You can create a secret to access cloud provider resources. You can find the secret creation examples for different cloud providers in the next sections:

=== Accessing Resources on AWS

[source,shell]
----
kubectl create secret generic <secret-name> \
--from-literal=region=<region> \
--from-literal=access-key-id=<access-key-id> \
--from-literal=secret-access-key=<secret-access-key>
----

> See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/aws/session/[AWS Session] to learn about authentication procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/aws/session/[AWS Session] to learn about the authentication procedure.
```

=== Accessing Resources on GCP

[source,bash]
----
kubectl create secret generic <secret-name> \
	--from-file=google-credentials-path=<service_account_json_file>
----

> See https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production/[Application Default Credentials] to learn about authentication procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production/[Application Default Credentials] to learn about the authentication procedure.
```

=== Accessing Resources on Azure

[source,bash]
----
kubectl create secret generic <secret-name> \
	--from-literal=storage-account=<storage-account> \
	--from-literal=storage-key=<storage-key>
----

> See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-keys-manage?tabs=azure-portal/[Azure Storage Account Keys] to learn about authentication procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-keys-manage?tabs=azure-portal/[Azure Storage Account Keys] to learn about the authentication procedure.
```

== Using Service Accounts

> You can use `Service Accounts` to access cloud provider resources without providing `secretName` in `HotBackup`, `JetJob`, `UCN` custom resources. To be able to use it you need to provide `serviceAccountName` in your Hazelcast CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `Service Accounts` to access cloud provider resources without providing `secretName` in `HotBackup`, `JetJob`, `UCN` custom resources. To use this approach, you must provide `serviceAccountName` in your Hazelcast CR.
```

.Example of Service Account Configuration
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/service-account.yaml[]
----

=== Accessing GCP Resources using Workload Identity
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Workload Identity is a feature that allows you to map a Kubernetes Service Account to a Google Cloud IAM (Identity and Access Management) Service Account so that users can manage pods permissions using IAM.

Create a Service Account using the following command:

[source,shell]
----
kubectl create serviceaccount myServiceAccount --namespace <NAMESPACE>
----

> To be able to use it, you need to annotate the service account you created with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, you must annotate the service account you created with the following command:
```

[source,shell]
----
kubectl annotate serviceaccount myServiceAccount \
--namespace <NAMESPACE> \
iam.gke.io/gcp-service-account=<GCP_SA_NAME>@<GCP_PROJECT>.iam.gserviceaccount.com
----

See https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication#service-accounts[Service Accounts] to learn more about it.

> === Accessing AWS Resources using IAM Roles for Service Accounts

Author: We did it on purpose, we didn't want to add an `eksctl` command directly, instead we put a link at the bottom. cc: @hasancelik

> IAM roles for service accounts is a feature that allows you to map a Kubernetes Service Account to a AWS IAM Role so that users can manage pods permissions using IAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAM roles for service accounts is a feature that allows you to map a Kubernetes Service Account to an AWS IAM Role so that users can manage pods permissions using IAM.
```

Create a Service Account using the following command:

[source,shell]
----
kubectl create serviceaccount myServiceAccount --namespace <NAMESPACE>
----

> To be able to use it, you need to annotate the service account you created with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, you must annotate the service account you created with the following command:
```
